Add Berlin 2025 landing page (#2367)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/berlin/2025/news/welcome.rst

This is a hybrid conference, with an in-person event in Berlin, Germany,
and a virtual platform.

**Write the Docs {{ city }} {{ year }} will be on {{ date.short }}**

Our in-person event will have two days of talks, a social event, and an unconference.
On the virtual platform, you can follow all talks, participate in the Q&A after,
and chat with your fellow attendees.

This will be our first in-person event in Europe since Prague 2019,
and we're excited to add this to our conference lineup once again.

Call for Proposals
------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
**We plan to launch our CFP later this year**,
and now is a great time to start thinking about topics to present!

You can always look at our `previous talks <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/atlantic/{{ year - 1 }}/speakers/>`_ for inspiration.

Tickets
-------

Tickets will go on sale in {{ date.tickets_live }}.
We are keeping this edition a bit smaller than other conferences,
and will sell up to ~150 in-person tickets.
Virtual tickets will not be limited.

Sponsorship
-----------

> We are working to revamp our sponsorship program for this year based on feedback from last year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are working to revamp our sponsorship program for this year based on feedback previous events.
```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html
:og:image: _static/conf/images/headers/{{shortcode}}-{{year}}-opengraph.png

.. post:: May 5, 2025
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}}

Announcing Write the Docs {{ city }} {{year}}
===========================================

We're excited to announce a new conference: Write the Docs Berlin!
This is a hybrid conference, with an in-person event in Berlin, Germany,
and a virtual platform.

**Write the Docs {{ city }} {{ year }} will be on {{ date.short }}**

Our in-person event will have two days of talks, a social event, and an unconference.
On the virtual platform, you can follow all talks, participate in the Q&A after,
and chat with your fellow attendees.

This will be our first in-person event in Europe since Prague 2019,
and we're excited to add this to our conference lineup once again.

Call for Proposals
------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
**We plan to launch our CFP later this year**,
and now is a great time to start thinking about topics to present!

> You can always look at our `previous talks <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{ shortcode }}/{{ year - 1 }}/speakers/>`_ for inspiration.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this will work :)

Tickets
-------

> Tickets will go on sale in {{ date.tickets_live }}.

Reviewer 2: I think we can keep this. We should probably also mention that we're only planning to sell 150 (200 - staff, sponsors, volunteers)

**Ticket pricing will be:**

* **Student or Unemployed Tickets**: *{{tickets.student.price}}*
* **Independent Tickets**: *{{tickets.independent.price}}*
* **Corporate Tickets**: *{{tickets.corporate.price}}*

> 

Reviewer 2: Yea, I'd probably leave this out for now. Sam and I have been talking about perhaps doing Virtual Indie/Corporate, so I think we probably want to discuss a bit more about it before announcing. I think we can just keep the announcement to the dates.
